README.md, before:

<!-- Animated Header -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?size=30&duration=3000&color=00C2FF&center=true&vCenter=true&width=600&lines=Hi+I'm+Ganesh+Kumar+Pun;Welcome+to+my+GitHub+Profile;" />
</p>

<!-- Social Icons -->
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.instagram.com/the_realjayjo/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ganesh-pun-5353692a0/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://ganeshpun.github.io/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white"/>
  </a>
</p>

---

# 👨‍💻 **About Me**
- 🎓 IT Engineering Graduate  
- 💻 MERN Stack Developer  
- 📊 Data Analyst (Basics)  
- 🌱 Learning AWS, API Development & Advanced React  
- ⚡ Building digital tools, automation & AI-powered projects  

---

# 🚀 **Tech Stack • Skills**

### **Frontend**
<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html,css,js,react" />
</p>

### **Backend**
<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nodejs,express" />
</p>

### **Database**
<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=mongodb" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=mysql" />

</p>

### **Data Analysis**
<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Excel-217346?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-excel&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PowerBI-F2C811?style=for-the-badge&logo=powerbi&logoColor=black"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Numpy-013243?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white"/>
</p>

### **Tools**
<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git,github,vscode" />
</p>

---

# 📊 **GitHub Stats**

<p align="center">
  <img height="150" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ganeshpun&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight" />
  <img height="150" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ganeshpun&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight" />
</p>

---

# 🔥 GitHub Streak Stats
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=ganeshpun&theme=tokyonight" />
</p>

---

# 📈 Activity Graph
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=ganeshpun&theme=react-dark&hide_border=true" />
</p>

---

# 🏆 GitHub Achievements
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ganeshpun&theme=algolia&no-bg=true&no-frame=true&column=6" />
</p>

---

# ✨ Fun Fact
**I love creating digital products & exploring new tech every single day.**

Commit message:

Revise 'About Me' section in README.md
Expanded the 'About Me' section to include educational background, programming languages, and areas of interest.

README.md, after:

<!-- Animated Header -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?size=30&duration=3000&color=00C2FF&center=true&vCenter=true&width=600&lines=Hi+I'm+Ganesh+Kumar+Pun;Welcome+to+my+GitHub+Profile;" />
</p>

<!-- Social Icons -->
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.instagram.com/the_realjayjo/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ganesh-pun-5353692a0/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://ganeshpun.github.io/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white"/>
  </a>
</p>

---

### 👨‍💻 About Me  
I am an IT Engineering graduate with foundational exposure to the **computer networking, numerical analysis, Engineering Mathematics, and core IT fundamentals** along with an understanding of programming languages such as **C, C++, Java, Python, and JavaScript** Although I am revisiting the concepts to strengthen my understanding, I am committed to rebuilding my skills through consistent practice and real project development.

I am currently expanding my expertise in **Data Analysis**, focusing on tools and techniques for data-driven decision-making. Additionally, I have a growing interest in **Cybersecurity**, and I plan to explore this field further as part of my long-term career development.

I am dedicated to continuous learning, improving my technical capabilities, and building a strong foundation for future opportunities in the tech industry.



---

# 🚀 **Tech Stack • Skills**

### **Frontend**
<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html,css,js,react" />
</p>

### **Backend**
<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nodejs,express" />
</p>

### **Database**
<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=mongodb" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=mysql" />

</p>

### **Data Analysis**
<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Excel-217346?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-excel&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PowerBI-F2C811?style=for-the-badge&logo=powerbi&logoColor=black"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Numpy-013243?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white"/>
</p>

### **Tools**
<p>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git,github,vscode" />
</p>

---

# 📊 **GitHub Stats**

<p align="center">
  <img height="150" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ganeshpun&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight" />
  <img height="150" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ganeshpun&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight" />
</p>

---

# 🔥 GitHub Streak Stats
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=ganeshpun&theme=tokyonight" />
</p>

---

# 📈 Activity Graph
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=ganeshpun&theme=react-dark&hide_border=true" />
</p>

---

# 🏆 GitHub Achievements
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ganeshpun&theme=algolia&no-bg=true&no-frame=true&column=6" />
</p>

---

# ✨ Fun Fact
**I love creating digital products & exploring new tech every single day.**
